astronaut chuck baker had all the right
stuff
traveling down there but on a routine
mission to explore a distant planet
he was prepared for anything
except this
are you breathing i found the alien i'm
not the alien here
you are you are you are what what
hello hello this thanksgiving if they
catch me helping you who knows what
they'll do to me
look over boy am i glad to see you is it
true you're hiding the alien
you search the house this is obviously
alien writing
it's serious surrender or die die
barnacle the only way out of their world
there's a command module in orbit and if
i'm not on it in
74 hours it goes back to earth without
me capiche you want me to take you to
your flying saucer
look kid you're my only hope is to try
to fit in
let the doctor handle this ladies who
wants to meet an astronaut
they're gonna eat us for dinner aliens
don't wanna
eat us aliens
they wanna harvest our organs and
enslave us in their minds
dwayne the rock johnson
be better on november 20th
where's your master
there's no space like home
open wide or the big bad monster will
get you
planet 51.